what's up guys technology dude 117 here
and today I am coming at you guys with
the unboxing of Star Trek the video game
for the playstation 3 star trek just
dropped today for the ps3 360 and PC and
you know this game really hasn't been
that anticipated there's really not that
many people you know looking forward to
this game and there's really not that
many people picking this game up today
now Star Trek law isn't one of my most
anticipated titles of 2013 it has been
on my watch list it has been on my you
know gaming radar since the day it was
announced because I'm a huge Star Trek
fan and you know anybody who's watched
my videos before knows I love all things
sci-fi my top three favorite sci-fi
universes are Star Wars Star Trek and
mass effect the star trek universe is
just so expansive and so rich that you
can really just get in developed in it
and I really enjoyed a lot I love
everything Star Trek the books the
comics the show the movies everything
Star Trek I love and you know when they
announced this game I had to check it
out now when I started seeing videos
coming out you know the dev Diaries and
stuff my hopes were pretty damn high and
I was like wow this game is going to be
great you know the combat looks like
mass effect it looks like a tight thirst
/ third-person shooting game sorry I
said first person shooter it looks like
a tight you know third-person shooting
game you know that takes place in the
Star Trek universe that obviously
follows you know Kirk and Spock and it
is a movie tie-in it takes place between
you know the Star Trek reboot and the
new into darkness movie which is coming
out may very excited for that you know
so it takes place in between there but
like I said it is a movie time but at
the same time it's kind of not a movie
tie-in now you know these dev Diaries
showed off some awesome stuff every
single character in the game is voiced
by their counterpart in the movie so you
know that's great that's staying you
know pretty realistic and it looked like
this developer was putting a lot of
heart into this game it looks like they
were all you know pretty big star trek
fans and that they wouldn't want to
create something that
Star Trek fan wouldn't want to play so I
definitely think that this game came
came to us with care and came to us with
love and with good intentions now I'm
pretty much going into this game blind I
haven't seen any reviews any impressions
I'm just gonna play the game and tell
you guys what I think I'm gonna try my
best to get up a review so without
further ado guys let's jump into Star
Trek the video game unboxing here it is
guys like I said for playstation 3 on
the front you got Kirk and Spock it is
3d compatible Paramount Pictures and it
is published by Bandai Namco turn to the
side Star Trek I actually pre-ordered
this game at gamestop I got a cool
little creo USS Enterprise and I also
got a poster as well has the elite
officer pack which came with a ton of
in-game stuff so let's check out the
back here guys a legendary team plays
Kirk and Spock and unleash the power of
23rd century technology in a battle
against ruthless corn invaders some
checkouts why it is PlayStation Network
compatibility for multiplayer of course
the game is co-op you get to play you
know as kirk and spock of course lobby /
matchmaking message last friend invite
in-game voice chat and on content and
trophies as far as add-on content goes
I'm not sure if that's just costumes and
extra weapons or if there's going to be
any you know sort of future DLC packs so
let's check out some of the finer
details down here guys players 122
Network players to require hard drive
space three-point 61 gigabytes HD output
480p and 720p dual shock 3 compatible
headset compatible and of course a 3d
game so let's unbox the game very
excited to play this like i said i am
going to give you guys some sort of
review at some point if i'm not working
this weekend or if i'm not too busy this
weekend and i'm definitely going to be
tweeting my impressions as i go so if
you guys want to know what i think of
the game follow me on twitter at
technology dude 7 and you guys can
pretty much get updates as i play also
later in the day i will be picking up
dead island riptide so come back for the
unboxing of that now let's open the game
here it is you know pretty bare-bones no
manual it's sort of following that
bandwagon that every other game is
following nowadays
no manual where it's just on the back of
the box art here's the game Star Trek
itself just pretty plain but kind of
cool at the same time sort of elegant
and that is pretty much that guys for my
unboxing of Star Trek the video game for
the PlayStation 3 if you guys did enjoy
this video you know please not forget to
comment rate favorite and subscribe
share this video with your friends on
Facebook and Twitter and sorry that the
mic just got messed up there the
earpiece just fell out of my ear as I
was putting the game down but you know
like I said once again guys share this
video with your friends on Facebook and
Twitter and I hope you guys enjoyed this
video thanks for watching